1. How would you define Machine Learning?
2. Can you name four types of problems where it shines?
3. What is a labeled training set?
4. What are the two most common supervised tasks?
5. Can you name four common unsupervised tasks?
6. What type of Machine Learning algorithm would you use to allow a robot to
walk in various unknown terrains?
7. What type of algorithm would you use to segment your customers into multiple
groups?
8. Would you frame the problem of spam detection as a supervised learning prob‐
lem or an unsupervised learning problem?
9. What is an online learning system?
10. What is out-of-core learning?
11. What type of learning algorithm relies on a similarity measure to make predic‐
tions?
12. What is the difference between a model parameter and a learning algorithm’s
hyperparameter?
13. What do model-based learning algorithms search for? What is the most common
strategy they use to succeed? How do they make predictions?
14. Can you name four of the main challenges in Machine Learning?
15. If your model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new
instances, what is happening? Can you name three possible solutions?
16. What is a test set and why would you want to use it?

Solutions: 
1. The process of training an algorithm to improve at a task by providing data
2. For problems were there is no algorithmic solution
   Automation
   Finding relations between data
   Finding appropriate estimations fast
3. Data that contains the information that a model is supposed to learn to predict
4. regression (prediction of a continuous value) classification (prediction of a class)
5. clustering, assocition rule learning, visualization, dimensionality reduction
6. A reinforcement learning algorithm, since the robot interacts with his environment.
7. If the groups are not defined: Unsupervised training (Clustering)
8. Supervised learning because the two classes spam and not spam are defined and it is probably not difficult getting labeled data
9. The model learns from online sources, where new data is frequently added.
10. Only a small part of the data is in the computers memory for learning, the rest is stored somewhere else
    The data on the computer changes until all data was processed.
    This way a computer can handle huge amounts of data, that it woulndt be able to otherwise.
11. Instant based methods
12. model parameter are part of the model and are used to predict the output. Hyperparameter are used to create these model parameter.
13. They create a model that can predict the outcome. For example linear regression creats a function to predict the output
    They only need the model for the predictions and not the instances that the model was defined by. 
14. overfitting, underfitting, faulty/poor data, useless data/features
15. overfitting, Solutions: 
    Reducing the Complexity of the model (Regularization, simpler model, decreasing polynumial, network complexity)
    More trainingsdata
    Reducing Data noise
    fewer features(feature selection, dimensiality reduction methods)
16. test set is a set that the final performance of the model can be measured with. It should not be used before the final model was created.
